Add paragraph with descheduler annotation (#387)
kubevirt/user-guide: usage/node-placement.md

        operator: "Equal"
        value: "value"
        effect: "NoSchedule"

Node balancing with Descheduler
----------------------
In some cases we might need to rebalance the cluster on current scheduling policy 
and load conditions. [Descheduler](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/descheduler) 
can find pods, which violates e.g. scheduling decisions and evict them based on descheduler 
policies. Kubevirt VMs are handled as pods with local storage, so by default, 
descheduler will not evict them. But it can be easily overridden by adding special annotation to vm:

      descheduler.alpha.kubernetes.io/evict: true

> This annotation will case, that descheduler will be able to evict VM's pod which can be then 

Reviewer: Typo (and some grammar suggestions):

```suggestion
This annotation will cause that the de-scheduler will be able to evict the VM's pod which can then be 
```

> scheduled by scheduler on different nodes. Users should know how and if the pod will be recreated.

Reviewer: Question: how will users know how/if the pod will be recreated? Maybe add a reference here?
